First install the Post Processing Stack v2.0 as shown in Image included (Install figure 1).

Then add the effect in the stack effects and override its parameters in the Post Process Volume
to adjust it. Note that "Sun Transform" override should be active (checkbox pressed on the left
of property). Make sure to save the instamtiated profile after the activation, otherwise it may
reset when enter play mode. 

If Sky Master ULTIMATE is used, the script "connectSuntoSunShaftsPOSTFX" can be added 
to the PostProcessing Volume object and assign the sun light to the effect properly.
Drag the "Sun" object transform from Sky Master ULTIMATE sun light to the slot and will update
the sun position at run time to properly display sun rays based on sun positioning.

Note that this may not be compatible with any other weather systems, as Sky Master ULTIMATE
uses a correct sun positioning with proper calculations for sun position, thus the sun will 
be in the correct position and orientation at all times. It is reocmmended to use with Sky Master
ULTIMATE system for easy setup and maximum and correct effect.

The effect is sun position based, thus will require a system like Sky Master ULTIMATE to display
correctly (is based on real sun positioning in sky based on earth center) and has been extensively
tested with it.

Scripting the asset requires to access the post processing stack and change its values at run time.
The script "connectSuntoSunShaftsPOSTFX" that provides the sun placement to the system has also
functionality to change the effect properties and can be used as base template for programming the
system to change values at run time.

Note that the system currently only supports Stack v2.0, thus is working up to Unity 2018 versions of
LWRP and HDRP. The 2019 version will be in the works when LWRP and HDRP effect stack has been finilized
for Unity 2019 (there is no guarantee when this happens as is Unity programmers work, thus there is 
no way to know when and if the system will be Unity 2019 compatible).

NOTE 1:
For Unity 2018.3 and HDRP, make sure to download and install the latest Stack v2.0 version, as described in the links below

1. Download the latest version
https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/PostProcessing/releases

2. Unzip the folder and Press + Sign in Package Manager to add it (find .json file in the folder)
https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/PostProcessing/issues/683
https://forum.unity.com/threads/r8_srgb-is-not-supported.636058/

NOTE: The effect is compatible with stack v2.0 and is a requirement for it to work properly.